Add draft JOSS paper (#513)
GeodynamicWorldBuilder/WorldBuilder: doc/JOSS/1.0/paper.md

## Example 
Below we show an example input file for a cartesian model, which can be easily converted to a spherical model, such as shown in the figure below which also shows some extra capabilities.

```json
{
  "version": "1.0",
  "coordinate system":{"model":"cartesian"},
  "features":
  [
    {
       "model":"oceanic plate", "name":"Overriding Plate", "max depth":100e3, 
       "coordinates":[[0,0],[0,1000e3],[1500e3,1000e3],[1600e3,350e3],[1500e3,0]],
       "temperature models":[{"model":"linear", "max depth":100e3}],
       "composition models":[{"model":"uniform", "compositions":[0]}]
    },
    { 
      "model":"subducting plate", "name":"Slab", "dip point":[0,0],
      "coordinates":[[1500e3,1000e3],[1600e3,350e3],[1500e3,0]],
      "segments":[{"length":300e3, "thickness":[100e3], "angle":[0,60]}],
      "temperature models":[{"model":"plate model", "plate velocity":0.02}],
    }
  ]
}
```

> ![An schematic example of what can be build with 66 lines of GWB inptu file formatted in the same way as in the above input file example. \label{fig:example}](../../sphinx/_static/images/user_manual/basic_starter_tutorial/BST_17.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![An schematic example of what can be build with 66 lines of GWB input file formatted in the same way as in the above input file example. \label{fig:example}](../../sphinx/_static/images/user_manual/basic_starter_tutorial/BST_17.png)
```

# Acknowledgements

> We would like to acknolege all other contributors to the project, especially Lorraine Hwang, Becky Fildes and John Naliboff for their advice and support through the years for this project. We would also like to acknowledge NSF for their funding and support through grands EAR-1620618 (CPO), OCE-1948902 (Cascadia), EAR-0949446 (CIG), EAR-1550901 (CIG) and EAR-1925677 (FRES).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would like to acknowledge all other contributors to the project, especially Lorraine Hwang, Becky Fildes and John Naliboff for their advice and support through the years for this project. We would also like to acknowledge NSF for their funding and support through grants EAR-1620618 (CPO), OCE-1948902 (Cascadia), EAR-0949446 (CIG), EAR-1550901 (CIG) and EAR-1925677 (FRES).
```
